GITTHUB TERMS – CALLDORADO CODE SNIPPETS 

Version 1, September 2017

Calldorado ApS, Danish Company registration number DK37614904, business address: 
Bagsvaerdvej 84, 2800 Kongens Lyngby, Denmark, Denmark, owns and operates the 
"Calldorado" service. With these terms of license ("Terms ), Calldorado enables 
you as a developer of mobile applications to uti-lize the Calldorado 
software/code templates, snippets (“Code Snippets”) provided to you as a 
pub-lisher (“Publisher”) by Calldorado under these Terms. For the ease of 
reference, a software develop-ment Kit is a collection of software used for 
developing applications for a specific device or operating system (“SDK”).

LICENSE
Calldorado grants to the Publisher a non-exclusive, time-limited, 
non-transferrable right to copy, mod-ify, merge and use the Code Snippets and 
documentation in those countries in which the Publisher operates. The code may 
be used only for the Publisher’s own internal business purposes, and thus cannot 
be sold, sub-licensed, transferred or otherwise passed on by the Publisher. The 
license is granted until the expiry or termination of the developer terms and 
conditions according to which the Publisher has been given permission to use the 
Code Snippets, such as where the SDK is no longer used by the Publisher, or 
these Terms, howsoever caused. 

The license is given subject to the Publisher meeting the standards and 
specifications set out in these Terms or any other terms agreed between 
Calldorado and the Publisher regarding the use of the Code Snippets.

Calldorado may revoke its license to you at any time without warning, at which 
time you agree you will take all necessary steps to remove the Code Snippets and 
any of its derivative files from any de-vice under your possession or control. 

Calldorado and third parties may provide you with a set of templates that allow 
you to include native app functionality on the screens the Calldorado SDK 
delivers. You can use and customize templates or build templates on your own, 
but you are not allowed to display any advertising or monetize the Call-dorado 
screens in any other way, directly or indirectly. You shall not show or add any 
advertising on top of the screens of the SDK.

VERSIONING
The Code Snippets are versioned according to the following setup: 
{MAJOR}.{MINOR}.{PATCH}. Ma-jor and minor version changes cover new 
functionality and determine that updating needs attention as code changes might 
be needed and regressions testing is needed. Patch changes in a version are 
small upgrades that do not affect functionality.

Generally, support is not provided for old versions back from the most recently 
released version, how-ever, normal support will always be provided via the 
normal Calldorado support channel for issues re-lated to the SDK.

Example: Version 3.8.0 has just been released and latest previous version is 
3.6.4. This means that version 3.6.4 is no longer supported, and users of this 
version must therefore upgrade to 	latest version 3.8.0 in order to be entitled 
to support or expected to handle any issues on their own.

If a security issue or breach is discovered, a patch is released when possible 
for Calldorado. In this situation, an upgrade to the latest version is expected 
and informed directly, and Publishers must up-grade or adapt within an agreed 
timeframe. This means that all versions prior to the security fix will be 
nullified and unsupported.

DISCLAIMER
The code is provided as is and without warranty of any kind, either express or 
implied, including with-out limitation any warranties or condition of title, 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The 
Publisher is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or 
redistributing the Code Snippets and assumes any risks associated with the 
Publisher’s exercise of permissions under the license.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Calldorado assumes no liability to the extent permitted by law. If this 
exclusion of liability and warran-ty is not permitted by law the following 
is considered:

Calldorado shall not be liable for any damage, unless it was caused by 
Calldorado or its agents with intent or gross negligence. Any liability for 
slight negligence shall be excluded. Any liability for per-sonal injuries shall 
remain unaffected thereby. Any liability for third-party damages, consequential 
damages and loss of profits shall be also excluded. Calldorado shall also not 
assume any liability for defects that could have been prevented by regular 
updates and other security measures. The burden of proof that damages would also 
have occurred if a backup or other security measure had been duly implemented on 
a regular basis lies with the Publisher.

In no event will Calldorado or its contributors be liable for any direct, 
indirect, incidental, special, ex-emplary or consequential damages (including, 
but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services, loss of use, 
data or profits; or business interruption) however caused, whether in contract, 
strict liability or tort arising in any way out of the use of this code.

OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE
The Code Snippets may include source code which is licensed under an open source 
license agree-ment, such as a MIT License. Use of open source software is 
subject to the terms and conditions the software is released under. The 
Publisher will become a licensee to such terms and accepts to be bound by and 
comply with all such terms and conditions when using the open source software. 
Call-dorado disclaims any liability for any third party claims, including but 
not limited to any infringement claims, relating to the Publisher’s use of open 
source software.

ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER
The Publisher is not entitled to assign its rights or obligations according to 
this Agreement to any al-lied company or third person. Calldorado is entitled to 
assign or transfer the agreement in full or in parts to a group related company 
upon having giving written notice to the Publisher.

CONTENT OBLIGATIONS
The Publisher is not allowed to monetize the native fields, hence in any way 
having content that can be used to gain money directly or indirectly.

It is expected that no inappropriate or shocking content is shown in the app and 
that all content is in line with the app and would be expected as such by the 
end user.

TERMINATION
Upon expiry or termination of use of the Calldorado SDK and according to these 
Terms, howsoever caused, Calldorado disables the Publisher ID provided by 
Calldorado to the Publisher for the use of the Code Snippets, and the Publisher 
can no longer use the Code Snippets provided under these Terms.

GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
These Terms shall be governed by the substantive laws of Denmark. The 
application of conflict of law clauses or choice of law clauses, in particular 
the CISG and, shall be excluded. The Venue for any claim shall be the Copenhagen 
City Court.
